BROKER

USER STORY DESCRIPTION
As a broker, I want features that ensure effective transactions between my buyer and seller clients.
For my seller clients, on their behalf, I want to be able to upload house offers, track offers’s status,
and review and manage offers from homebuyers.
For my buyer clients, I want to be able to request visits for them and propose their properties based on their preferences and requirements.
To perform those features, I need to have the possibility to create, read, update and modify the property listing. 

USER ACCEPTANCE FLOW
1. The broker presses on his profile and a menu will appear with those sections:  House offers, Buyer clients, my profile and disconnection.
2. The broker presses on house offers and sees all the posts he uploaded. The page is separate into active and complete posts
3. Pressing the + button allows the broker to add an offer
4. The broker goes to a new page that allows him to enter information about the house (prices, address, type of properties, year of construction, surface area and description). Personnal comments only visible by the broker can be added to the post.
5. Sliding the cursor over a post allows an option to edit to appear so that the broker can go to the page to enter information about the house
6. When an offer is proposed for a post, a notification icon based on the number of offer sent will appear
7. A right click on the post proposed the broker to see all offers for this post or update this post as complete
8. Pressing on “See all offers” leads to a new page that shows all messages sent for this post. The broker will have the option to send an automated message to accept or reject an offer. 
   Pressing “Update as complete” allows the post to go on the Complete section of the “House offer” section.
9. The “Buyer Clients” section from the menu will contain the list of all his buyer client
10. When researching a property according to a client’s preference and requirements, he can save it as favourite in the client file
11. From a client’s file, he can slide over a post and will have the option to share it to the client OR he can select all post saved and share it to the client
12. To request a visit, the broker can simply slide over a post a select the “request a visit” option and the request will be saved in a client’s file

ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA
1. The profile button is at the top right corner of the page and the logo is the profile picture or the first letter of the broker’s name. The section’s listing appears below the logo in a small rectangular frame.
2. At the top of the page is written “My house offers” and below is written on the left and right respectively “actif” and “complete”. The posts are small squared frame with a picture of the house with the price, address and post’s name below
3. The + button is at the top left corner of the page
4. The page is as follows: the information needed at the top and a rectangular frame to enter the information below
5. The edit icon is small pencil
6. The notification icon is a red circle with the number of offers sent in white
7. The menu with “See all offers” and “Update as complete” appears in a small rectangular frame at the right of the cursor
8. In the “see all offers” page, the message preview from to bottom, the post’s name, the sender’s name and the first line of last message sent. When the message is read for the first time, at the top and right corner of the chat appears and green and red rectangular frame written respectively accept and refuse to send automated message set by the broker.
9. The client’s dashboard consists of small squared frame with the client name with message icon to contact them on the website
10. to 12. The client’s file is a shared platform between the broker and the client. A ≡ symbol allows a menu with thoses sections: Offers propositions, availability, visit request.
The offers page is separated into pending offers, accepted offers and refused offers. Those section appears in a rectangular frame at the top of the page. The availability section is a calendar that the client can modified to select it’s availability. The visit request section is a list showing from top to bottom the date and time of visit, house address, name of the homeowner and link to the house’s post.
